---
title: "Standup"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Sprint 7
tags:
  - meeting
  - standup
---

**Date:** September 22, 2025

<!--more-->

**Attendees:** Diana Williams Oshun, Christian Michael Lagura Yacapin

Throughout the stand up the group had lot of tickets that needed to be addressed in the review column

<!--more-->

- Diana asked for clarification on some review comments on the class diagram. The group talked about different considerations and viewpoints when modelling interactions between the AIRecogniser and its external Class services (Calendar API and Weather API)

- Another query was revolving around the relationship between Outfit and Outfit History, an improvement on the review has come to a conclusion where we can implement a string of “Dates/Logged times of Worn outfit” instead of implementing multiple Outfit History instances to a singular instance of Outfit.
<!--more-->
- Christian clarified that the quantity of references for his side of work seemed little because the knowledge used to develop the diagrams, technical specifications, and system functions were derived from previous academic years and self-expertise.

- Christian was informed on the completion of the review on his Diagrams. Review has shown incoherent flow of logic as the arrows of data flow were difficult to follow through Diana’s POV.

The group decided whether or not to include references that were just a quick reminder or refresher of knowledge when developing the Software System. Ultimately _decided not to_, as they were too insignificant or inapplicable to the functional specification. However Christian has taken a note that he would like to revisit the topic.

The team is progressing well on the remaining sections of the Functional Specification and is on track to complete Sprint 6 goals.

Other tickets outside of these have been making steady progress or have only been not started due to blockers.
